[Applause]
this is just bad to see
[Music]
[Applause]
escape from reality
[Music]
I enjoyed the show I also write song
lead sing it is quick and then you'll
need someone new and after we move on
stage
grimm belongs to you can you see what
you could be
no one will play us on the radio we need
to get experiments do it again one more
how many more Galileo's do you want
Roger there's only room in this band for
one hysterical Queen Matt these words no
one will play free
fortune favors the bold ready deciding
your private life what more do you need
to know I make music I want to give the
audience a song that they can perform
what's the lyric
ready Freddy that's good
[Music]
you need to slow down Fred
I just need a bit of time
[Music]
but if I don't have time
you're a legend fresh we're all legends
[Applause]
[Music]